One of my goals for the last 6 months
have been trying to get my agents, my
coding agents to run totally AFK. These
AFK agents have been picking up backlog
tasks, have been implementing features
for me, have been doing QA, and
crucially, they have been running in
parallel. So, I've had lots of them
running at the same time. However, in
order to get them to run properly, you
need to handle the permissions requests
that they make. And a question that you
probably have right now is how do I get
my agent to run without it constantly
battering me with with requests for
permissions? Now, of course, you could
just go into YOLO mode and have it
totally bypass any permissions requests.
But if you do that, Claude will do mad
things on your system like delete your
home directory. Or if you're in an
enterprise setup, then it might be
concerns about, you know, it
exfiltrating data or sending your code
off to a random third party. So, in
order to get agents to run properly AFK,
you need them to be sandboxed, and there
are a bunch of solutions for this.
However, I was not particularly happy
with any of them. The one I really tried
to use and try to make work was Docker
Sandboxes. However, there were just so
many problems with running it AFK that I
won't bore you with now. What I wanted
was a simple TypeScript function that I
could run and just say, "Run this prompt
inside this sandbox using this agent."
And all the tools that I found were
trying to sell me some third-party
service. So I realized I needed to build
something here. And that thing is sand
castle, a TypeScript library for
orchestrating AI coding agents in
isolated sandboxes. You can use this to
build TypeScript scripts here where you
simply say run passing in the agent,
passing in the sandbox, and passing in
the prompt. If you look in any one of my
open source repos, you'll see this
little sand castle or dots castle
directory here, which has a main.ts ts
file. And this is full of these sand
castle.run little functions here. With
this simple function, you can build
really, really complex systems. You can
build systems that parallelize agents
running side by side. You can have
systems that review their own code and
then merge it in. I've been really,
really enjoying using this and now I
think it's time to make a video on it.
Let me show you how to get this set up
inside a repo. We first run npm install
AI hero sand castle. Once that's done,
we can run npx sand castle init. And
you'll first be asked to select an
agent. Let's select claw code. Why not?
You can then select between one of the
first class sandbox providers that we
provide. My plan in the future is to add
many, many more of these, but and you
can also implement your own if you like.
For now, let's just choose Docker. Sand
Castle also uses a backlog manager
because AFK agents need some way of
picking up tickets and knowing what to
do next. My preferred way of doing this
is GitHub issues. We also ship with five
templates here. currently. I mean, there
may be many more by the time you run
this. Let's actually max out here. Let's
go for a parallel planner with a review
step. And since we've chosen GitHub
issues, we're going to create a S castle
GitHub label. The issues will be
filtered by this label. And it means
that only things with the S castle label
on our GitHub issue list will be picked
up by the agent. We can see at this
stage that a bunch of stuff has been
thrown into a Sanccastle directory just
up here. The thing to know about now is
this Docker file here, which is
essentially the Docker container or the
instructions for setting up the Docker
container that we're going to be using.
Sand Castle runs inside this Docker
container. And it means that you can
just install anything you like inside
here. We're installing some important
system dependencies. We're installing
the GitHub CLI. We're doing a little bit
of setup to rename the um home directory
to agent. We're installing claw code.
And then we're just ready to go. So,
let's go ahead and build this default
Docker image. Now that was really fast
and it has now completed. Our next steps
are we need to set the required
environment variables in dots castle/.n.
If we have a look in castle where it is
castle/in.example
we can see that we have an anthropic API
key and a GitHub token required. If you
want to use your clawed subscription
instead of an API key then you can head
to this issue here that will tell you
more about it. If you don't know,
Anthropic is a little bit funny about
people using their subscription for
these kind of things. And so, there's
some up-to-date advice there. For me,
I'm going to copy over some environment
variables that I've had already. Once
that's done, I'm going to go into my
source control. I'm going to commit this
code and I'm going to push it up because
I'm going to show you how we can use uh
GitHub issues to schedule some work for
this agent that we've created. So, let's
go to our repo and create a new issue.
Let's say scaffold me a basic TypeScript
template in the repo. give me a basic
typ script application that uses vtest
that uses type checking that has a very
very simple CLI that I can call use
commander for the CLI add a CI script
that does type checking and runs the
tests. So now I'm going to create that
issue and we can now run our agent to
see what happens. So after that it
should be ready to be picked up. First
I'm going to add this little piece of
code to my package.json here which is
just going to allow me to run a script
here. So let's say scripts and then add
this sand castle script here. This is
just going to run npxtsx and tsx is just
a way that you can run typescript as a
script and it's going to run this files
castle/main.mm.
So let's actually go ahead and run this
and see what happens. We can see
immediately that it's kicked off a
planner agent here and we can
controlclick these logs to see what it's
up to. We can see that it's successfully
set up the sandbox. It's the planner
agent running on Docker and it's looking
at the open issues here and it sees that
there's only one open issue. It then
spits out this plan here which is a set
of issues which are going to be worked
on. Finally, at the bottom here, it
shows the amount of context window that
it used. If we zoom back to our terminal
here, we can see that an implement agent
was kicked off too. Let's control-click
these logs and take a look at them. And
we can see that it called GitHub issue
view 1. It has a clear picture and it
asked for a basic TypeScript script app
vest for testing type checking simple
CLI using commander. Great. We can see
that it's running bash commands inside
here. It's uh doing okay good
dependencies installed and I've even got
it prompted. So it's doing a little bit
of red green refactor here where it's
writing the test first vest run etc. We
can see it all happening. It's now moved
on a little bit further and we can sit
and watch this if we want to or you know
we can go and have a cup of tea. we can
relax and uh this will just do its work
without us. So while this is running,
why don't we go and have a look at the
maints file here. We can see the planner
that we saw earlier is just down here
where we have a sand castle.run command
that takes in a name of planner. It
takes in an agent here. So we can just
change this if we want to. If we want to
do planning with codeex, let's say
instead of claude code, we totally can.
And it's also using this prompt file
here. So plan prompt in here. This is
scaffolded by the template and you can
totally edit this as much as you want to
to run anything inside a sandbox. This
one is taking all of the open issues
from the repo that have the label sand
castle. It's grabbing all of the labels,
all the comments, grabbing all of the
comments body as well. And then it's
working out which ones can be done right
now. So it's only looking for unblocked
issues here. And finally, we tell it to
output its plan in a JSON object wrapped
in plan tags. If we go back to maints,
we can see that this then gets picked up
here. We then grab the JSON out of the
plan here and figure out the issues. And
then for each of the issues, we run a a
separate sandbox here. We run an
implementer. And this one has an
implement prompt that's just inside
here. So implement prompt. This one
takes in some prompt arguments here. So
it takes in an issue title. It takes in
the task ID, which is the issue ID. Then
it says you're going to be working on a
specific branch. Again, all of this is
just a setup that I cooked up. Really,
this is not sand castle giving you any
kind of prescription on how you want to
run it. This is just a really cool
workflow that I tend to use in my repos.
So, I figured it belonged in a template.
If we zoom back to main.MTS, we can see
that the result here is captured in a
variable. And if there are more than one
commits here, we then run a reviewer.
This pattern has been incredibly
powerful because the implementer can
make mistakes, but the reviewer
generally picks it up. And of course, if
you want to do an adversarial review
where you have one agent run or review
another agent's code, then you can just
do sandcastle.codeex. If you want to
have multiple different agents spawn at
the same time, come up with an
implementation, and then some other
reviewer takes all of those branches,
chooses the best one, or makes a like a
mix of them, you can. That's the power
of having a totally agnostic setup to
what agent you're running. That's the
power of using your or owning your own
process. Anyway, let's take a look at
the review prompt here. It's worth
noting this little syntax here because
this is really nice. This is something I
copied from uh Claude skills where if
you specify an exclamation mark before a
bunch of back ticks here, it will run
this when it's resolving the prompt. And
so it will actually execute git diff
source branch branch here. This review
prompt just uses a very basic process.
understands the change, analyze it for
improvements, check correctness,
maintain balance, and crucially, it's a
great step for like adding your own
project standards. So, for instance,
I've added this coding standards in here
that you can fill in with any project
standards that you want to be added.
Let's look back at main.MTS and we can
see what happens after all of these
branches get created. We can see that
they then get passed into a merger agent
down the bottom. And this one takes all
of the branches, takes all of the
resulting issues, so it understands the
changes that were made, and then merges
them back to the main branch. The reason
we use an agent for this is that there
might be merge conflicts between them.
And I usually like to have a really
powerful agent handling those merge
conflicts for me because they can
sometimes be pretty gnarly. And so at
the end of this, we have had multiple
agents running at the same time, all
committing to their branches, and then
we get like a senior merger developer to
pull them back into main. Just this
setup has massively increased my
velocity and it works super duper well.
And again, Sand Castle is not
opinionated here. If you wanted to make
these into PR branches, you totally
could. Okay, let's go and check in with
our running process. And let's see what
happened. All right, we can see that we
had an implement kickoff here. Then a
reviewer. Let's check the logs for the
reviewer. We can see that it found that
the code was already clean and well
structured. Minimal scaffold template
naming is clear. And then let's see what
happened in the merge. So we can just
pull up the merger here. And the merger
ran the type checks, it merged in the
branch and it also closed the issue with
a comment. Beautiful. We can see too
that if we go and have a look at the
rest of our codebase here. Wo, we now
have a bit more code going on. We have a
tsconfig.json. We have a vtest
doconfig.ts. And we have a few files
knocking about inside the CLI here. So
you can start to see how SN castle is
working here. You can build these
relatively complicated flows using a
simple primitive using really nice
ergonomic markdown prompts. You can get
it to run on different branches and just
merge that back into main. Or you can
get it to do really nice PR flows as
well. You know, it's just code. It is a
programmatic way to run Claude code, to
run codecs, and to build these workflows
that turn into these mini software
factories. I've been incredibly happy
with it, and I'm really excited to see
what you built with it, too. If you're
thinking about these hard problems, too,
then you should check out my newsletter
for AI skills for real engineers. These
follow the skills repo that went
absolutely viral a few days ago. And I
also post tips and tricks there for
getting the most out of agents using
good old software fundamentals. So,
thanks for watching folks. I'm really
excited about this tool. I think it's
going to be a really nice contribution
to the ecosystem and I've been loving
using it. So, nice work and I'll see you
in the next